## RENT CAR UKRAINE

---

This project was written as a test assignment after completing the GOIT courses.
It was great desire to complete all technical tasks for the project.

During the implementation, the knowledge gained during the training in HTML,
CSS,JS, React and related tools.

---

##Technical task

According to the layout, implement a car rental announcement card. On 8 ads
should be rendered on the first page of the catalog, and the rest of them - by
clicking on the Load more button. In the case of clicking on the button in the
form of a "heart" on the announcement card it should be added to the list of
favorites and the color of the button should change. At updating the page should
record the final result of the user's actions. That is, if you add the ad to
your favorites and refresh the page, the button is still the same remains in the
"favorite ad" state with the corresponding color. If after a second click on the
button in the form of a "heart", the ad should be removed from list of
favorites, and the color of the button will change to its original state. In the
case of clicking on the Learn more button should open a modal window with
detailed information about car and its rental conditions. The modal window
should be closed when the button is clicked in the form of a "cross", by
clicking on the backdrop or pressing the Esc key. In the code the mileage of the
car must be written in one value (for example, 4500). In the UI - separated by a
comma (4,500). The Rental car button should be implemented as a link that will
allow the user to connect with the company by phone number +380730000000. Create
routing using React Router. In the application there should be the following
routes: “/” - home page with a general description of the services provided by
the company “/catalog” - a page containing a catalog of cars of various
configurations "/favorites" - a page with ads that have been added by the user
to favorites If the user is logged in by a route that does not exist, it must be
redirected to the home page. To work with a list of ads, create your own
personal backend for development by using the UI service https://mockapi.io/.
Create an adverts resource.
